Daniel and Rosalie

(Images here)

Daniel (29 male) is in a committed relationship with his partner Rosalie (26 female). 
Daniel has recently began working in the area as a market research/business intern after his
recent graduation from University/ Rosalie meanwhile lives in a different town that is close by.
Daniel has dated Rosalie for several months and is looking for a location that is uptown showcasing 
the positive aspect of the city while providing a romantic and enticing atmosphere for his partner. 
Daniel is looking for spots to frequent as he wants to encourage Rosalie to share an apartment with
him since he has a stable income.

Being a young man, he is technology saavy and researches places in advance, including if reservations
are needed, the online menu to evaluate his options (since he has a seafood allergy), and if online 
ordering is present. Rosalie enjoys an occasional drink, and also enjoys looking at the 
online website to see the menu and wine options. She also enjoys when places have an about or history 
page as hearing the history of places as it contrasts much with corporate america. Rosalie has strong
latin roots, and enjoys food similar to her culture as it brings back memories of her upbringing with 
her mom, while Daniel enjoys a variety of foods but enjoys his partners company. The couple has an 
online presence and uses email as a way of managing subscriptions, offers, and billing notifications.
Daniel and Rosalie are kindred spirits who enjoy each others company and are about interacting with each 
other rather than engaging with the general public.



Gustavo

Gustavo (46 male) has been in his role as a Senior Executive for over 20 years. His career has 
provided him with a comfortable lifestyle, and he values quality experiences over quantity. A dedicated 
family man, he spends most of his time balancing his professional life and family activities. 
Mike grew up in a tight-knit neighborhood, where his family often gathered for meals, and he has fond memories 
of home-cooked, authentic meals prepared by his mother and grandmother. This upbringing has shaped his culinary
preferences, leading him to develop a strong appreciation for food that feels authentic and homey. Gustavo despite
being used to software from his job, prefers to not navigate social media for recommendations and prefers word of 
mouth experiences from friends and family, or those he trusts. He does look at websites, however, only to preview
the menu, look at the reviews for the restaurants he travels to and if need be leave a review. He enjoys going 
out with his family on weekends, which typically involve going to local attractions and afterwards go out to eat,
or on small trips around the United States. 
